feat(curriculum): add registration form workshop to cert (#56724)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-registration-form/60f5d2776c854e069560fbe6.md

---
id: 60f5d2776c854e069560fbe6
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

> The first `fieldset` will hold name, email, and password fields. Start by adding four `label` elements to the first `fieldset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first `fieldset` will contain the name, email, and password fields. Start by adding four `label` elements inside the first `fieldset`.
```
